# Car-logo-classification
 Logo identification is more challenging than object or logo recognition owing to the lack of original data. Businesses often use logos to identify themselves and their goods. Shapes, colours, text, and textures are often used. Logo recognition is important for several applications, including online brand management, copyright infringement, context-specific advertising placement, and vehicle recognition. Even while companies do not need to alter their logos often, the context in which they appear varies for each product of the same company. Changing backdrops, perspective distortions, warping, occlusions, colours, and sizes are some of the challenges with precise logo recognition. The growing number of goods (brands) with customised logos further complicates logo recognition. Logo recognition requires significant processing power to enable multi-class classification. The uses of vehicle logo recognition are many. The control unit system at military camps, government buildings, at crossroads and traffic signals, at checkpoints across the city and surrounding regions, and far beyond the nation's territory, are sensitive places. Humans can easily identify and distinguish logos in everyday settings. However, in densely populated cities with high vehicle and human densities, data breaches are common. To recognise and identify car logos, automated methods are needed. This project's main aim is to utilise deep learning models to ensure logo recognition without needing a lot of computing resources
